Richard Dawkins the well-known
evolutionary biologist we have
him as a guest on Startalk is a
leading atheist and it's wild
some people cuz he's he's he's
blunt about his and-and-and
matter of fact it is atheistic
ways and this is rubbed people
in our modern culture in various
ways to champion in some circles
and is demonized and others and
so I just thought we should
unpack that and see what are the
forces operating here and what I
even challenged them i said are
you a little too harsh here can
you who you because we often
there are common motors common
goals but with different tactics
if you will in educating the
public and so this is a
conversation with him about what
are his methods and tools in
ways i compare that with some of
my methods and tools of ways as
an educator as a scientist and
also in studio we had as a
secondary guest a Jesuit priest
who is one of these hip priests
right he's not if he's coming
off flavor
this one's like hip and he's he
was not quite candid about where
he's coming from and what the
Catholic Church has stood for
over the years and the changes
that have been within it so it's
an interesting conversation more
to enlighten the perspectives of
the viewer not to have a
knock-down drag-out fight I've
never seen televised fights ever
enlighten anyone about anything
what happens is people choose
sides and they become more
ossified interviews so Startalk
it's never my goal to just sit
there and debate people and tell
someone whose right it wrong
that I'm an educator i'm here to
lighten people
to empower you to think for
yourself if at the end of the
day I've accomplished that that
was a good day for me